Arrays and Strings
1) Write application that creates an array of double, to provide following functionality.
 display the length of the array and its elements.
 Display an array. (Use for each version of loop for display).
 compute the sume of the squares of these numbers.
 Determine Mean and Median of an array.
 Sort an array – Ascending and Descending. Use any two sorting algorithm. User can also
select the sorting method.
 Search an element from the array, i.e. returns the location of the element of an array
that matches an indicated value.
 Copy of an array.
 Reverse of an array.
[---------------------------------------------]
2) Write a program in Java to create variable size array. Data can be numeric.
 Flush an array
 add a number at a specified location in an anay.
 display the array
[------------------------]
3) Program in Java to find A+B, A-B, A*B and transpose of A, where A is a matrix of 3*3 and B is a
matrix of 3*4.Take the values in matrixes A and B from the user.
4) Write and run a JAVA program that reads a string from the user and perform the following.
 counts number of occurance of a given character (for example, " a") in a string.
 searches the last occurance of a character in a string.
 removes the unneccessary spaces from a string : leading and trailing spaces.
 displays the substring formed by the last ten characters of a string
5) WAP that inputs a line of text, tokenizes the line with StringTokenizer and outputs the tokens in
reverse order.
6) Create a StringBuffer and illustrate how to append character. Display capacity, length of the
StringBuffer.
7) Write an application that reads and processes strings from the console. Perform the following
functions based on the menu choice selected by the user..
 Reverse the sequence of strings and then display it.
 Reverse the sequence of characters in each string and then display it.
 rearrange the strings according to the length of the string.
 Sorting
 Concatenation
 Change them to uppercase, lowercase depending on user’s choice.